Now, let's have a look about how we can apply processors and operations to our streams.
In this demo, we're going to enumerate our incoming stream and
add a fraud score processor to all incoming purchases.
All right, so now we're back in the workspace with sample five open.
Let's go ahead and start by defining how fraud score function.
Now remember we have this purchase model that we've used in
the previous exercises and the previous samples and we have the familiar username,
currency, and amount fields.
Well, we also have this new fraud score field which is a float initialized to zero.
Now, we don't actually need to define a fraud score calculation,
that's really absolutely outside of the scope of this class,
so what we're going to deduce instead is
a simple random number to actually populate the fraud score on these purchase models.
Now we're going to send the ad fraud score function as
a processor on our stream for incoming data.
So we need to make sure that we satisfy
the processor function signature which means that we need to
define an input parameter and then once we actually have that input parameter,
we need to go ahead and modify it in some way.
So here we're going to say purchase.fraud
score and our fraud score algorithm is not very good,
it's going to be a random number generator.
So this would give us a random number between zero and one,
and obviously you'd never do this in
a real processing application but it's really just for demonstration purposes here.
Finally, we need to make sure that we return the purchase.
With our fraud score defined,
we're now ready to move on and actually pass this information on to the stream.
So we have our input stream,
the purchase of stream, and then we're going to iterate over our purchases stream here.
Now to apply the processor function,
we need to actually tell the purchases stream that we
wanted to use this processor before we start to iterate on it.
So we're going to say purchases.add
processor and we want to make sure we got the function name,
add fraud score, and go ahead and save.
So now we've said, to the purchases stream,
for you for the event into this loop,
we want for you to process through this ad fraud score function.
So now that's done,
we should see a fraud score on every one of our purchase messages.
So the only thing left to do is to forward that message through to our fraud topic.
Actually I had the fraud information added to it.
So we're adding a purchase username as the key and then we're going to say
the value is equal to our purchase which should now have a fraud score on it.
I also just want to point out really quickly that we have
a default value assigned to our fraud score float here.
The reason for this is because the records from
the incoming purchases topic don't actually have a fraud score yet.
So when Faust goes to actually
instantiate each one of the purchase objects incoming from the KAFKA purchases topic,
it needs to have a default fraud score.
Here we're simply telling it,
if there's no fraud score present,
initialize it to 0.0.
Then, as it forwards that event through the ad fraud score processor,
it will actually set the fraud score.
Finally, we'll go ahead and send that data.
So let's go ahead and run our example.
Okay, give us just a moment to start up and then we'll go over and
use the KAFKA Console Consumer to actually consume this data.
Here we have KAFKA Console Consumer local host 9092 and then we have
the purchases fraud topic. Let's see what data we get.
Great, and as you can see,
I was going to go ahead and stop processing here.
You can see that we actually have a fraud score.
So now all the output data in this topic will have a fraud score assigned to it.